Mike Hall: Okay.
Joe Beda: Hello, hello, how are you guys?
Mike Hall: Good. How are you doing, Joe?
Joe Beda: Doing okay?
Joe Beda: Happy… U.S. East 1 is Down day.
Joe Beda: I hope it was fruitful for you all.
Mike Hall: Nope.
Mike Hall: The number one problem that I had is a place that my wife and I like to eat sometimes, and we order on their little app on their phone, I think is only hosted in US East.
Joe Beda: There's a lot.
Mike Hall: A lot of stuff.
Joe Beda: that's only hosted in U.S. East.
Mike Hall: I went to the app, and it said, like, and the app just said, configuration error. And so then I went to their website, and their website says, our app is down, and our phones are overloaded, we're only taking orders in person.
Mike Hall: And I'm too lazy for that, so we got something from someplace else.
Joe Beda: I mean, real business impact.
Mike Hall: Yes.
Joe Beda: No, my wife's clinic…
Joe Beda: A lot of their stuff, like the system that they used to send in prescriptions was down.
Mike Hall: Oh, man.
Joe Beda: and their main, sort of, communication thing with their… like, they have this sort of HIPAA-compliant chat system.
Joe Beda: That was down, so everybody was calling, and the clinic was totally overloaded, it was a mess.
Joe Beda: Huh.
Mike Hall: I wonder what would happen, like, really.
Mike Hall: Let's… like, how many days of the internet… of the internet literally just being out?
Mike Hall: Would it take before society would collapse?
Joe Beda: Or maybe everything would get better.
Mike Hall: It's possible.
Mike Hall: But, like, everybody doesn't have landlines anymore. Everything's voice over IP.
Mike Hall: even cell phones are voice over IP, like, there's not really any digital… like, there's no analog circuits anymore, it's all digital links.
Mike Hall: So, like, if you had major outages of a whole bunch of stuff, you could end up with, like, no ability to communicate.
Gabe: Don't…
Ben Pfaff: Don't give this administration any ideas.
Mike Hall: Yeah, that's true, I should shut up.
Gabe: I mean, Mike, you would starve within a day, right?
Mike Hall: That's exactly right. I would actually lose some weight, finally.
Ben Pfaff: I did go to the No Kings protest in San Jose on Saturday, and marched around with lots of people.
Ben Pfaff: As I did in June, whenever the last one, big one was.
Mike Hall: Nice.
Joe Beda: We're up on Orcas this weekend, and I probably would have gone if we'd been here, but, like.
Joe Beda: We were up there, it was rainy. It's like, meh.
Joe Beda: Was it good, Ben?
Mike Hall: Oh, he's written in there.
Joe Beda: Would it give you some hope that, like, not everything sucks?
Ben Pfaff: Yeah, it, there's, there's, thousands and thousands of people who are willing to come out in the streets in San Jose, and, you know, that was one of, of 20 or more within a couple hours' drive of me, or probably an hour's drive of me.
Ben Pfaff: So, it…
Ben Pfaff: It was actually a little bit inspiring, and it was a diverse group of people. It wasn't just…
Ben Pfaff: It wasn't limited to any demographic group.
Mike Hall: Nope.
Joe Beda: I mean, what was the blue hair percentage, right? That's the only thing that really.
Mike Hall: Yeah, yeah.
Joe Beda: I just love how, like, the conservatives are all preoccupied with, like, blue-haired women. It's like, what, your grandma? I mean, like…
Ben Pfaff: Most of the people I know with blue hair are not old.
Joe Beda: Yeah.
Joe Beda: Hello, Costatas, did you have a good trip?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, great job.
Kostadis Roussos: And then I have more trips.
Kostadis Roussos: I made a very foolish decision.
Gabe: Hmm.
Kostadis Roussos: I, I applied the turkey fallacy to my current job and now have more travel.
Joe Beda: What's the turkey fallacy?
Kostadis Roussos: Turkey policy is past predict… past circumstances are a future predictor.
Joe Beda: Okay. Or induction… or mathematical induction applies to real life.
Ben Pfaff: And this applies to business travel?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, I thought I was going to be not doing as much business travel, and then I managed to sign myself up for a trip to Belgium a week after a trip to India.
Ben Pfaff: Oh, boy.
Mike Hall: I wouldn't come home.
Ben Pfaff: I really enjoyed most of my VMware business travel.
Mike Hall: If I was gonna do that, I would just go to, like, someplace in Europe and hang out for a bit, and then go to Belgium.
Kostadis Roussos: I want to see my family.
Mike Hall: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: I don't mind the trips, it's just… I didn't mind the… I don't mind the flying back and forth, I mind the two weeks of travel.
Joe Beda: I actually kind of like…
Joe Beda: airplane time, I'm like, this is me time. I, like, feel no guilt when I was working of, like, I have to do work.
Joe Beda: I could always just, like, the Wi-Fi's not ever good enough to really do work, so I'm like, fuck it, I'm just gonna watch a movie. It was always very freeing.
Ben Pfaff: It's almost as freeing as US East being down.
Mike Hall: When I was traveling, this is what I got.
Mike Hall: For my travels.
Joe Beda: Oh, yeah.
Gabe: Oh, yeah.
Joe Beda: Is that one of the newer OLED, like, fancy ones?
Mike Hall: Yeah, it's the OLED one.
Kostadis Roussos: What is this?
Ben Pfaff: It looks like… It's already there.
Mike Hall: Steam Deck.
Mike Hall: It's, I don't know if it's got any battery. I need to charge it.
Ben Pfaff: Yes, it doesn't work, yeah.
Ben Pfaff: Higher end. Very nice.
Joe Beda: I mean, that's the problem with those, is that they're amazing.
Joe Beda: But the battery is just… I mean, I don't think you could put a big enough battery in that thing to.
Mike Hall: Yeah. You know, what you do… so this is my thing.
Mike Hall: This display… There's a 1080p display.
Mike Hall: It's got USB-C on the side with PD pass-through up to 45 watts, which is exactly what the thing needs, the Steam Deck.
Gabe: Bye.
Mike Hall: And then… You get this guy.
Mike Hall: which is the Anker Power Brick.
Mike Hall: That outputs 100, Watts?
Mike Hall: So you put a USB-C cable into this, into that display, and you set that on your tray.
Mike Hall: Or hook it to the seat in front of you, and then you have the cable out of the monitor go into the Steam Deck, and you can game for, like, 6 hours.
Mike Hall: And the display up here and the controls down low, which keeps you from doing this the whole flight, and causes your neck to hurt.
Gabe: mess.
Joe Beda: Then you're that guy.
Joe Beda: Not saying there's anything wrong with that, but clearly, at that point, you're that guy.
Mike Hall: Yeah, I'm that guy, and… I don't care.
Ben Pfaff: You're the guy that TSA questions whether you have a battery bigger than 100 watt-hours on you.
Mike Hall: Yeah, exactly. And I'm like, no, if you don't add them all up, I'm fine.
Joe Beda: Portable displays are actually kind of amazing. They're so thin and light, like…
Joe Beda: In our new house, I put in a rack, and I wanted, like, one of those, like.
Joe Beda: keyboard things that folded out with the screen that came up, and I couldn't find one that was reasonably priced, and it was just a total shitshow.
Joe Beda: And so what I ended up doing is getting, like, a smaller keyboard in a tray, and then I, like, 3D printed a mount for one of those screens that could plug into HDMI, and they're, like, I don't know how much I paid for it, but it was under $100, and it's super lightweight, so super easy to mount.
Joe Beda: It was a perfect thing.
Kostadis Roussos: I am in awe.
Mike Hall: So, this… this…
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, it makes my… it makes my USB adventuring seem infantile by comparison.
Mike Hall: So, I… this is, like, the highest price I've ever seen it. This thing is normally, like, 60% off, and you can get it for, like, around 50 bucks, 45 bucks, but I just put the link to what I bought in the… in the general chat.
Gabe: Joe got in general chat? Oh, Discord.
Ben Pfaff: Beyond just porting.
Gabe: It's like so many times.
Joe Beda: What fat are we talking about here?
Joe Beda: squad.
Mike Hall: This thing's even $100.
Joe Beda: 144Hz, and, like, that's amazing.
Gabe: Wow, that's good.
Mike Hall: And it's super… and the key thing that I went with this one versus the $40 ones is it does… it does power delivery pass-through.
Joe Beda: Yeah, that wasn't for my data center-y thing, it didn't matter, but, like, yeah.
Mike Hall: But this is great, because then… because that's the one downside for the Steam Deck, is it only has one USB-C port.
Mike Hall: It needs to.
Kostadis Roussos: That's pretty cool. What do these things cost?
Joe Beda: What, the Steam Deck?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
Mike Hall: They're, like, 600, I think.
Joe Beda: They're essentially a PC.
Mike Hall: Yeah, they're the AMD system on a chip, but the key is, it's the freaking software. They've got Proton, which is what lets… it's basically wine, but for games, and they've tuned Proton so well that even today's, like, AAA titles that come out play on it decently well.
Kostadis Roussos: Like, if they're not…
Mike Hall: They're not completely awesome, but they're good enough.
Kostadis Roussos: Gonna have to resist the temptation.
Joe Beda: I mean, you know, it plays Baldur Gate just fine.
Kostadis Roussos: Like, I'm…
Mike Hall: Get, if you're… if you do get one, get… get the, I would recommend the… the… the 512 or 1TB OLED, because they have the bigger battery.
Gabe: Nope.
Kostadis Roussos: I see… I see you're… I'm not the only per… so you have one too, Gabe?
Gabe: We do, yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Let's see… Maybe I'm the only person who doesn't. I'm feeling, like, left out.
Joe Beda: I have one, and then I bought one for my brother-in-law when he got cancer, because I'm like, you're gonna be spending a lot of time waiting around doing nothing.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm going to hopefully assume Ben doesn't have one, so I don't feel totally like the loser.
Ben Pfaff: Well, I don't have one myself, but a friend of Jamie's actually gave her one, so…
Kostadis Roussos: So, so, so…
Ben Pfaff: There's something like $800.
Ben Pfaff: They're… they're not cheap.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, I officially feel, you know, like the… you want one.
Mike Hall: 6.50 there.
Gabe: Mine's, like, just camera, but there.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: I will not purchase one as an impulse buy right now. Alright.
Joe Beda: You'll… they'll do an impulse buy later.
Kostadis Roussos: Exactly.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, because I can't just arrive before Friday. It could arrive before Friday.
Kostadis Roussos: But alright, alright, where was I? Roll 20. Did you guys… okay, so when we last left our Noble Adventures.
Kostadis Roussos: Jim Jar, made a catastrophic, navigational error.
Kostadis Roussos: Zaltier had a fifth… a bulleted list of 50 items that he should focus on for future, professional and career development.
Kostadis Roussos: According to Rump-a-Dump, I mean, you know.
Gabe: Yeah, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, a lot, lot, lot, lot, lots of details. Sewell was, you know, Stuhl had contributed to the list, as he liked to say.
Kostadis Roussos: And the rest of the gang… now, hopefully, roll 20 works.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, it does.
Joe Beda: Oh yeah, that would be inconvenient, and I would be in no way surprised if they were 100% based in US East 1.
Ben Pfaff: I was trying to buy tickets on Eventbrite this morning, and it turned out that it was completely down because of the AWS failure.
Kostadis Roussos: Boom.
Ben Pfaff: And it got to the point where I signed up for their updates for when it came back.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, dude, I'm sorry.
Ben Pfaff: And eventually, it came back, but I never got an update, I just had to check.
Joe Beda: Well, it turns out the system to send you the updates was also running USC Sport, so when you signed up, it went into the Bitbucket, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so Jim Jarr declares that, well.
Kostadis Roussos: He explains that it wasn't intentional that he ended up here, and certainly no one should accuse him of being a bad…
Kostadis Roussos: guide, and, you know, shifting changes in the Underdark are to be expected, but isn't it convenient that they found an exit through here?
Ben Pfaff: Oh, yeah.
Joe Beda: But this'll end in tears, we all know this. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Jim Jarra says, do you want to bet?
Mike Hall: Of course.
Kostadis Roussos: Would you like… would you like to place a small little wager on that?
Ben Pfaff: So, if…
Joe Beda: If any of us.
Ben Pfaff: If any of us dies, you win?
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, no, ends and tears.
Joe Beda: By end in tears, what I mean is not literally that somebody will cry, but rather there will be some unfortunate event before we get back on our way.
Ben Pfaff: Well, it's good to define the terms of the bet.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, okay, so that's… I'm cool, I'm cool, I…
Gabe: I mean, the turn order is already up, which is ominous.
Kostadis Roussos: No, that was just a… that was just a…
Joe Beda: I know. It's like we saw a statue carrying a sword.
Gabe: I don't know what's gonna happen.
Kostadis Roussos: What? Just because the statue's carrying a sword doesn't mean anything.
Kostadis Roussos: Right?
Kostadis Roussos: Fun. Alright, I need to do one last thing.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Joe Beda: So I've been tuning my 3D printer that I just built, and this is a tool changer where it actually automatically drops off and picks up tool heads and changes in. So, like, I'm having it do some test prints where it changes on every layer, so you can do, like, multiple materials, and it, like, swaps.
Gabe: That's cool.
Joe Beda: So… It's running right now, I'm afraid that it'll catch on fire, so if you see me looking behind.
Mike Hall: It hasn't caught up.
Joe Beda: on fire.
Joe Beda: The other day, I was tuning it, and I let the blue smoke out because something shorted.
Ben Pfaff: If you adjust your camera a little, we'll let you know.
Gabe: We'll watch for it, man.
Joe Beda: It's, once you let the blue smoke out, you can't get the blue smoke back in.
Ben Pfaff: This is true, yes.
Joe Beda: And then I tried to run it anyways, and it just started heating with no control, and, like, the hotend got up to, like, I don't know, 350, 400 degrees Celsius.
Gabe: Whew!
Joe Beda: Yeah, that was… that was a little scary.
Ben Pfaff: I once saw a SCSI cable glow red.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Gabe: SCSI?
Ben Pfaff: I'm as puzzled as you.
Joe Beda: Is that, like, when you have a race car and the brakes are glowing red?
Kostadis Roussos: You know.
Joe Beda: You know, that's how you know it's going fast.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Joe Beda: It's done, I'm gonna go get it.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so he says, are we… so, so, so we're gonna bet… we've taken the bet, Torin?
Joe Beda: Yeah, I'll take the bet.
Mike Hall: That's so funny that I'm barely being able to…
Kostadis Roussos: Jim Jard says, Thor, you're gonna have to go through that way, not… there's… that the other way is kind of blocked.
Joe Beda: What's this now? Yeah, we gotta go the only way that's possible to go, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, through here.
Joe Beda: Well, I mean, okay, so here's the thing, I have 18 strength.
Kostadis Roussos: Tons and tons of rubble.
Joe Beda: I know, and I have 18 strengths.
Gabe: Goodbye.
Joe Beda: What does it take?
Kostadis Roussos: Pass wall.
Joe Beda: Alright, so you're saying that that's not enough, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Joe Beda: And I am a… I am a dwarf, so, like, I do like digging.
Joe Beda: Kinda like a dachshund in that way.
Kostadis Roussos: Fair.
Joe Beda: I'm just, I'm just putting it out there, alright, alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: That is fair.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: So, either you arrive at the… there's an intersection, you can go left or right. Which way would you like to go?
Joe Beda: Is it just me going ahead? Am I scouting?
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, I'm just, like… I'm just…
Joe Beda: I mean, I thought we were still all in this together, it didn't mean personally ending in tears.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, no, I mean, no, Jim Jar… Jim Jar… Jim Jar's cool for you, for attendant, here's for you.
Joe Beda: Alright, what do you guys think? Let's…
Kostadis Roussos: Jim Jar… Jim Jar is like, you know, lead on, lead on, fair Torrin.
Joe Beda: Alright, so…
Gabe: But so, which way were we going?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, Jim Jarra says, well, as you recall, we established that the next location… oh, I'll make you a bet, you won't remember it before I get to the end of the session.
Gabe: No.
Kostadis Roussos: Walter, didn't you read note number 38?
Gabe: Still studying the list, working on that.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, fine. By the time we get, we're going to Blindenston.
Gabe: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, so that's where we're going.
Joe Beda: Blindenstein.
Kostadis Roussos: net. Yes, yes.
Joe Beda: I didn't forget.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, Blinkenston, Blinkenston.
Joe Beda: Alright. Blingdin Stone. So I rolled a D2.
Joe Beda: Otherwise known as Flip a Coin. And it came up one, so I say we go left.
Kostadis Roussos: Left?
Joe Beda: Yeah.
Ben Pfaff: Boys have numbers on them?
Joe Beda: Apparently.
Kostadis Roussos: Oats.
Joe Beda: Heads is one, tails is two, I think.
Kostadis Roussos: What?
Kostadis Roussos: You arrive in this area.
Joe Beda: Right.
Gabe: Should we just assume we're all together?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes, yes. Okay. I'll just assume you're all in the line behind,
Kostadis Roussos: behind, it's just, I'm just trying to find the.
Joe Beda: Oh, that one's yellow up there, I don't know what's going on there, maybe it should have gone right.
Kostadis Roussos: No, that's just your, dark vision.
Joe Beda: Oh, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Where is it?
Kostadis Roussos: There we go.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: What, what, the walls of these 10-foot-high areas glisten with dark, dripping water.
Kostadis Roussos: So, as you look inside here, like, right here, let me just, this area here is water.
Ben Pfaff: Something that looks like water.
Mike Hall: Okay.
Mike Hall: I can only see… okay, yeah, yeah.
Ben Pfaff: Okay, well thanks for the highlights, that helps.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, sorry, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: So…
Kostadis Roussos: So, where would you like to go?
Kostadis Roussos: Do you want to go through it?
Joe Beda: I'm gonna step in the water.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Joe Beda: Cause that…
Ben Pfaff: I don't like to get my feet wet either.
Joe Beda: That seems like a bad idea.
Joe Beda: Because I don't care how deep the water is, creepy crawlies will come out and get me.
Kostadis Roussos: Huh?
Kostadis Roussos: Roll a nature check.
Mike Hall: All of us, or group check, or just…
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, Thorin, Thorin, because…
Joe Beda: 21.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, Thornton, you notice something about the water.
Kostadis Roussos: As you're looking at…
Joe Beda: that.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, no, you notice something else about the water.
Kostadis Roussos: That it seems to be… you know how there's, like, a pool, and it… when it's stable, it stays fixed, but when it starts… it's increasing, it…
Kostadis Roussos: You know, there's more water coming into these things, like, at an alarming rate.
Joe Beda: Oh, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: The place was getting flooded, if I didn't make that clear.
Joe Beda: Okay. So maybe this is not dangerous water in that water itself is dangerous, maybe it's that the amount of water itself is dangerous.
Kostadis Roussos: Jim Jar… Jim Jarr says, I'll make you a bet we'll learn who… which one of us can take a deep breath and swim.
Mike Hall: I don't really want to go in a cave that's flooding. What's going on with the darker color brown over on this right side?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, that's, that has to do with, I think, I think…
Gabe: Start vision.
Gabe: Gary doesn't have darkvision, I guess, or something.
Kostadis Roussos: Dragon Mapida? .
Gabe: But if I'm up there, and it's not, and if I'm up there, it's not.
Mike Hall: I have a dark vision…
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so, so, yes, hold on, hold on, I think I set your darkvision color to something odd.
Joe Beda: Alright.
Mike Hall: I have darkvision to 120 feet, so I don't know.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes.
Joe Beda: since.
Kostadis Roussos: There we go.
Joe Beda: filling the room, Custatis. I want to look, does it look like there's any mechanism where there might be a door that closes behind us, trapping us in the room?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, Jim Jar… yes, roll another, I don't know.
Kostadis Roussos: Perception, insight or investigation.
Ben Pfaff: That was remarkably smart.
Joe Beda: perception…
Kostadis Roussos: Investigation, investigation, or.
Joe Beda: I'll do perception, since I have plus 3 there.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, you notice nothing.
Kostadis Roussos: Does somebody else… does somebody want to help him, or does somebody else want to try.
Joe Beda: Yeah, because I'm pretty sure that, like, I mean, my character right now is oblivious, but, like, the guy driving the character is pretty sure something bad's gonna happen if we go in that room.
Kostadis Roussos: Daz, would you like to investigate?
Mike Hall: Yes. What do I need to roll?
Kostadis Roussos: Roll a D20 and get over 12.
Mike Hall: Oh, not a particular one?
Kostadis Roussos: Investigation or insight, either one.
Mike Hall: 25?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, so, you now know exactly what's going on.
Ben Pfaff: This entire complex is leaking…
Kostadis Roussos: is leaking. In fact, the entire place will fill with water, so I… you need to get out of here, you need to find a way out before you are drowned.
Mike Hall: Do we have a good idea of, like, which direction leads to places that would have… It's less water?
Kostadis Roussos: No. Not yet.
Joe Beda: Is there any tilt to the ground?
Ben Pfaff: Some species have special abilities with that, I think.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, so it's not that it's… to the best, what you're intuiting is not that there was some kind of shift in the ground, which caused some water reservoir to crack into these cave complex to start leaking water.
Kostadis Roussos: If you question my geology, I will have to throw the, it's a Dungeons & Dragons knowledge.
Joe Beda: So what you're saying is that we're sensing this is not a natural phenomenon, this is.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, no, it's a natural phenomenon. There's the same earthquake that caused the cave-in.
Joe Beda: Oh, it's causing… okay, gotcha. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: caused.
Mike Hall: An underground lake to come on us, or something?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, exactly.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so at this point, I win the bet with Jim Jar, because, like, we're already, like, shenanigans, okay, but… Yeah, Jim Jar goes…
Kostadis Roussos: What an appropriate bet. Tears, water, it's almost as if you guessed you had a prescience, Thorin.
Joe Beda: Alright, so the other observation I'm making is that the room with the water that we're looking at here, appears square, like it's part of some sort of structure, which probably has a better chance of leading out than the other direction, which appears to be more cave-like.
Kostadis Roussos: Probably not a bad guess.
Joe Beda: Alright. So what do y'all say we, like, rush through this room and sort of see if we can find an exit before we drown?
Ben Pfaff: I… I don't know how much D&D, like, topography matches anything that makes sense, but yeah, let's… let's take that. It's the…
Ben Pfaff: Best idea I've got.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Everybody else follows. Okay, who's going in through first? Is Thorne leading the charge?
Joe Beda: I guess so. If we do have to swim and hold breath, what are the stats that matter?
Kostadis Roussos: Constitution.
Joe Beda: Okay. I'm doing okay there, too.
Joe Beda: Yeah, what I, what I left…
Kostadis Roussos: It takes a lot.
Joe Beda: up for and strengthen Constitution.
Kostadis Roussos: Yep, yep. I'm a joint.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so, as you… are you leading the charge, Thorin, or… Sure.
Kostadis Roussos: As you arrive here… A gray ooze.
Joe Beda: Shenanigans.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: At this point in time, Shinjar's going, I really wished I had lost this bet, Thorin.
Ben Pfaff: Okay.
Joe Beda: Okay, so not only is the water, but there's also something creepy-crawly in the water. As I pre-addicted.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes, you, absolutely.
Joe Beda: I mean, it's not quite as predictable as a statue with a sword, but, you know…
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes, your prescience is to be commended.
Ben Pfaff: It didn't help, but it's good anyway.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so it's a gray ooze. Alright, roll…
Joe Beda: What do I know about fighting Grey Ooze?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, you fought them before.
Joe Beda: Yeah, I don't remember the details.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I'm gonna just… okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Just see…
Kostadis Roussos: Hmm.
Kostadis Roussos: Come on.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, sorry.
Kostadis Roussos: For some reason, this is not working.
Joe Beda: Oh, this thing destroys weapons, I don't want that.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay? Oohs.
Kostadis Roussos: Sorry, right now the search function… What the hell?
Joe Beda: It's the only thing running on your US East 1!
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, like, I'm trying to find the search function.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. Okay, this is weird.
Kostadis Roussos: how do we spell ooze? Sorry, I'm, like, actually trying to get… roll up the, oh, that's why.
Ben Pfaff: Eat.
Kostadis Roussos: That problem is I can't spell gray.
Gabe: Oh. Wrong gray.
Joe Beda: Well…
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, wrong rate.
Ben Pfaff: Two different spellings.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, I was thinking the E1, not the A1. Alright. Okay, non-magical ammunition is destroyed. Any non-magical weapon takes cumulative 1 point of damage.
Ben Pfaff: What does it mean for a weapon to take damage?
Joe Beda: Oh, wait, wait, wait, but Dawnbringer is not made of metal.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, no, Dawnbringer is not made of metal. Dawnbringer is, in fact, da-da-da! A light weapon. As a lightsaber, actually.
Joe Beda: Nice! Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so let's just, roll for initiative, and we will just use this initiative.
Kostadis Roussos: role to save ourselves some time. Okay, so.
Mike Hall: ooze.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Mike Hall: This is some bullshit. We gotta kill the gray ooze.
Kostadis Roussos: graze.
Mike Hall: 6.
Ben Pfaff: Click the right place…
Mike Hall: work.
Kostadis Roussos: Went to the great news.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, that's the wrong… Grigham, I think I accidentally clicked on you.
Ben Pfaff: It looks like my turn order is right.
Gabe: Whoa.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, there we go.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, Zaltir, you're up first.
Gabe: Okay, well, I… see no reason not to punch it a lot.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. You're going to punch the ooze.
Gabe: Yeah, why not? .
Kostadis Roussos: Don't disagree with that approach.
Gabe: I… just as far as I can tell, that works on oozes, so let's give it a go.
Ben Pfaff: Punch it, baby.
Gabe: Ugh. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: It takes 10 points of damage.
Kostadis Roussos: Right?
Gabe: And I grapple it? Is that a thing with roosters?
Ben Pfaff: It dissolves weapons, I don't know if you want to touch it.
Gabe: I don't have weapons, I'm a monk, I'm wearing basically nothing.
Kostadis Roussos: You can't really grapple this, it kind of oozes.
Ben Pfaff: point.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? It sort of oozes, so it doesn't grapple.
Gabe: Okay. Well, I'll just punch it more.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, you grab it, but it can, like, squeeze through the fist bindings, it…
Kostadis Roussos: you know, it's gooey that way.
Gabe: Yeah.
Gabe: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm gonna do that to it.
Gabe: Yeah.
Gabe: We might attack a gun…
Gabe: 12?
Kostadis Roussos: And you killed it.
Gabe: Huh.
Joe Beda: Yay!
Ben Pfaff: I was trying to figure out which spell to use.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, oozes are not particularly dangerous. Alright!
Joe Beda: Yeah, the whole corrode thing kind of sucks, because they're like, whoever it hit, if they hit…
Joe Beda: It would crow their armor.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Gabe: gosh.
Joe Beda: That tells me I need some magical armor, so, like, that's gotta add that to the list.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, okay, so Thorin, do you continue down the hallway?
Joe Beda: I mean, we're committed at this point, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I mean, as… or, as Jim Jar says, are we committed to a slow death due to drowning?
Joe Beda: I mean… I say we roll the dice and see what happens.
Gabe: Literally.
Gabe: Roll the dice.
Gabe: 11, I say we go forward.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, forward.
Joe Beda: Greater than 10 is always the most reckless action.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So, you arrive here, Alright.
Joe Beda: I'm looking for more oozes, by the way. I'm on the lookout.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, got it, got it, got it.
Joe Beda: Poking pools with a stick?
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, don't, don't move your guy. Okay. So, this area contains the remains of a drow along with a dark metal mace and a scattering
Kostadis Roussos: Of coins. However, you quickly notice that these items appear to hover above the stone floor.
Mike Hall: Hmm.
Kostadis Roussos: And as you enter, it sees you that this, I guess you would call it a gelatinous cube with these two eyeballs here.
Kostadis Roussos: Looks at you and says, Will, hello, hello, hello!
Joe Beda: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, hello, hello, hello? You are?
Joe Beda: My name is Thorin, nice to meet you.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, pleasure to meet… pleasure, it's a pleasure to meet you! My name is Glabugal.
Joe Beda: Or Glabagool, as…
Kostadis Roussos: Globagool. Globagool, Glabagool. That is, in fact my name.
Kostadis Roussos: I've, I've been here for… I've been here… you know, I was… I was just a average garden-variety, gelatinous cube, moving around, you know, cleaning up at the floors, decomposing stuff, and… and now… now… well, now I can think and see. It's very strange.
Joe Beda: Do you normally have eyes, or is that something that just magically happened for you?
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, gelatinous cubes are, in general, considered not sentient.
Joe Beda: Doesn't mean they don't.
Mike Hall: Eyes.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, we don't need eyes, we just sort of move around in the space and eat whatever's on the ground. Adventurers collect food for us.
Kostadis Roussos: Or, rather, deposit food for us. I don't know what we do. Are we, like, garbage… are we, like, like, some automated cleaning system? I don't know!
Joe Beda: Alright, well, looks like you got a meal right there with that drow.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes! He looks at it. Almost done!
Ben Pfaff: Thank you.
Kostadis Roussos: Come on, dude!
Ben Pfaff: And how do you feel about, rising water?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, that would be awkward, so do you have any suggestions? I did notice how it's getting a little bit wetter here.
Joe Beda: Well, I mean, we're gonna go adventuring, and now that you're sentient, maybe you want to come along and adventure with us.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, at the very least, there'll be food.
Kostadis Roussos: Pause it. Pause it. You won't be upset if you all die and I eat you, right?
Ben Pfaff: I mean, at that point.
Joe Beda: we're probably past caring. Yeah. But as long as, you know, you let it happen via natural causes.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, well, I would never want to… I would never want to be the one who promoted, who actively, you know, no, no, no, that would be terrible.
Ben Pfaff: So, are you from this part of the dungeon?
Kostadis Roussos: He goes…
Kostadis Roussos: Me? Well, like I said, I was just a randomly operating… I was just a normal gelatinous cube, blissfully unaware of any…
Ben Pfaff: I was going somewhere with that, and that is, do you know which way, will lead up?
Ben Pfaff: Because we'd like to avoid the rising water.
Kostadis Roussos: No!
Kostadis Roussos: But I do, I don't know, to be quite honest, I've been… I've been sort of standing here trying to decide which way to go.
Kostadis Roussos: But… but I do notice… did… was there a way out your way?
Joe Beda: No, we were, mining our own business, and all of a sudden, was it when an earthquake happened? And, we got trapped, and so now we're trying to…
Kostadis Roussos: Find her way out.
Kostadis Roussos: I can say that there's plenty of more exciting things in this… in this area. We could go look around and see if we spot anything. I have been only sentient for a little bit. But you appear to have been sentient for longer, so perhaps you know more about what's going on in this world?
Joe Beda: Yeah, some of us are more sentient than others.
Ben Pfaff: authority…
Kostadis Roussos: Can people be… he's kind of surprised. Does that mean some people are more intelligent than others, and more aware than others? Whew, I did not know this. I thought everybody was sentient in the same way.
Joe Beda: I was mostly joking, but, like, you know, honestly, yeah, some people are more aware of their surroundings than others.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, okay. Well, I'm just a Latinus cube, happy to eat whatever drops on the floor. If you ever decide you want to get rid of something, just drop it on the floor and I'll be happy to eat it.
Joe Beda: Well, there was a gray goose in the… a gray ooze in the previous room, if you.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, they're not! Yes, well, I'm sure we could find something tastier.
Ben Pfaff: Well, I have been carrying around these ghost bones for a while.
Kostadis Roussos: But the ghost goes over my…
Kostadis Roussos: He looked… the ghost looks at you very angrily. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So… .
Ben Pfaff: some luck. I have a lucky foot in my backpack. Would that be of any assistance?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, absolutely!
Ben Pfaff: I, I toss him the lucky foot.
Kostadis Roussos: He absorbs it and goes, how tasty! Not sure how it helps the luck, but very tasty.
Ben Pfaff: Oh, I'm glad you liked it.
Kostadis Roussos: Mmm… tasty.
Ben Pfaff: I'm not even sure, anymore, a foot of what, but…
Kostadis Roussos: Anyway.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, well, he's eating it. All right, through the passageway to the north?
Joe Beda: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Joe Beda: This is interesting. I mean, okay, we got a new friend here. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: does.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Joe Beda: Alright, bye.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, you see the water… okay, so I'm just gonna move Thorin and the rest of.
Gabe: Just assume we are following.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah. Alright, Glavagul is, like, really excited to be talking to his new friend Thorin.
Kostadis Roussos: Thorin.
Kostadis Roussos: Let's see, you see, again, pools of water, and you've probably guessed that these pools of water contain oozes.
Joe Beda: Yeah, I mean, before I get too close, I… Shoot some darts at.
Joe Beda: At them to try and sort of, like, wake up and do damage to an ooze before they can get to me.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: That's a stratagem. Not the one I was thinking you were gonna go with. All right, okay. So,
Kostadis Roussos: Right. Thorin, Thorin… unfortunately, Glabogul is now blocking the passageway, because he was following you, so the rest of you can't go through Glabagool, so you may want to tell Glabagul about where to stand in the future.
Joe Beda: Yeah, I tell him now, and he'll move when he can, hopefully.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, Thorin, you're up.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, actually, hold on, let me roll for the oozes,
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Joe Beda: Do I get a… a free shot with my… with my dart since.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Joe Beda: Alright, does it… is that a hit, or should I just do it to hit also?
Kostadis Roussos: What did you roll?
Joe Beda: I didn't roll, I just said I'd throw a dart there.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, you roll to hit.
Mike Hall: world.
Kostadis Roussos: That is a hit.
Kostadis Roussos: Or 8 points of damage.
Kostadis Roussos: Provided the ooze doesn't have some annoying property related to darts.
Joe Beda: Does it?
Kostadis Roussos: I don't know.
Ben Pfaff: Oh, we've got another ooze?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Mike Hall: Yeah, a few of them. Well, possibly a few of them.
Kostadis Roussos: It takes, 8 points of damage.
Joe Beda: Alright.
Ben Pfaff: Glabagool like to.
Joe Beda: I'm gonna hit him again.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay?
Mike Hall: Get another attack.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: And that is another 8 points of damage.
Joe Beda: Okay, and then I think… give me a second here…
Joe Beda: I don't want to have my armor damaged if this guy… well, let me see. So, the gray ooze, what is he…
Kostadis Roussos: You can run past them, right? They move very slowly.
Joe Beda: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Like, if you were to go over here, you would be way past their ability to catch up with you. They only move at 10 feet per round.
Joe Beda: Okay, so even if I stand where I'm…
Ben Pfaff: blocking the passage.
Kostadis Roussos: Glabagul is currently blocking the passage, he's, like…
Kostadis Roussos: It's kinda like… he's kinda like this right now.
Ben Pfaff: Yeah.
Joe Beda: So let's see, so he has a plus 3 to hit, huh?
Kostadis Roussos: Huh.
Joe Beda: My armor class is 18.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, he can't… So… Are you going to stay there, or are you going to try to run away?
Joe Beda: I try and run away, but, like, I may, you know, enter the frying pan, into the fire, there's danger, because I don't know what's around that corner, but…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, you're gonna go here?
Joe Beda: I can't see where here is, but yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So, the gray ooze… What does the gray ooze do? The gray ooze comes… Goes this way.
Kostadis Roussos: Then, this way.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, now let's see… let me add initiative to this guy.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So you're all waiting for him to do his thing, so… Actually, no, it turns out you all have really bad initiative rules. Zaltair, you're the one stuck behind him.
Kostadis Roussos: So… he walks this way… Alright, Daz, you're up.
Mike Hall: Alright, let's, is…
Ben Pfaff: Is Glabagoola… is it a 10 foot by 10 foot creature?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Ben Pfaff: By 10 by 10 by 10?
Joe Beda: Is it a cube?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, he's a cube.
Mike Hall: So I can get to… I can get to, like…
Kostadis Roussos: Here. Ear, I guess.
Mike Hall: No problem.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Mike Hall: Alright.
Mike Hall: And then I will, I have a magic missile.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. Magic missile? Why not a cantrip?
Mike Hall: Oh, yeah, let's do a cantrip. Let me see.
Mike Hall: Hmm.
Mike Hall: Hmm…
Mike Hall: Are… are… is the… do I know if oozes are immune to, like, neurotic… or necrotic damage?
Kostadis Roussos: They're… you know, they are not… they're only resistant to… Acid cooled in fire.
Mike Hall: Okay, so we are going to… toll the dead.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: And, is it a wisdom saving throw?
Mike Hall: The saving throw is…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, it is wisdom.
Mike Hall: Wisdom, saving throw.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, he blows the saving throw, and he takes 18 points of damage, and… dies.
Kostadis Roussos: Glabagul says, Perhaps I should be in the back?
Mike Hall: That might be a good… It's probably not a bad idea.
Kostadis Roussos: All right, okay. He says, well, very well, after you!
Joe Beda: It is sitting there waiting for you guys to go, so I'm gonna presume you guys are headed down the hallway? Yeah, sorry, I just heard Rachel cheering upstairs, so I assume the Mariners did something good, so I just had to look real quick.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, no, that's fair. That's… that's… that's fair. I don't see…
Ben Pfaff: fires behind you.
Joe Beda: So, yeah, I think we just continue on until more shenanigans.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, Jim Jar's like, I want to say that, you know, can we declare a mulligan on the tears because we met such a charming and humorous friend?
Joe Beda: I mean, yeah, I'm willing to let, you know, just call it a draw here, because, you know, Gabugul seems charming, seems, seems, like a good friend.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, okay, he goes…
Ben Pfaff: How are we doing, water level-wise?
Kostadis Roussos: It's still in progressing, nothing too dangerous as yet.
Ben Pfaff: Sort of like a bathtub that doesn't drain well.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, you know, it's… but you know that if you don't eventually find a way out, this could be ugly.
Gabe: I'll just notice the lighting mode of this place, it's not fog of war or whatever.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh!
Gabe: Was that intentional?
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, let me just… is it… is it No Fog of War, is that what you're saying?
Gabe: It's just pure black, like, we can't see anywhere we were before.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, that's,
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, I forgot to put on explorer mode.
Gabe: That one.
Joe Beda: Gotcha, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: I will just move you back… hold on, Zeltir.
Gabe: Okay, cool. That's… that's what I was trying to establish, roughly where the other tunnel connected.
Kostadis Roussos: Yep, alright. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: So you make it to this passageway, this area over here, which requires me to read the next bit of description. All right.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so there's these four passageways, going… West.
Joe Beda: Well, then there's the fifth one going east.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Gabe: Which might loop back to where we were, maybe? Unclear?
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Joe Beda: Oh, yeah, the Explorer mode doesn't look like it's active for me, so…
Kostadis Roussos: It is active, you may have to reload.
Joe Beda: Alright, let me do that, sorry.
Kostadis Roussos: Fair.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so there's a passageway to the east and a passageway to the west.
Joe Beda: Alright, well, my rolling a D5, which again, does not exist, but I love that I can roll a virtual.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Joe Beda: D10 divided by 2, I got a 1.
Joe Beda: Which implies that we would go through this top passageway here.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, is that your plan?
Joe Beda: I don't… I… you know, I'm asking the rest of the party, including Gabba Gul, whether he has any opinions.
Ben Pfaff: What… what is in the… on the floor in this area of the dungeon?
Kostadis Roussos: Superhot.
Mike Hall: What is this?
Ben Pfaff: Is that more water? Yes, that's… yes.
Joe Beda: Yeah.
Joe Beda: I throw a dart at it and see if it, like, you know.
Kostadis Roussos: No, this time… this time it just, you know, is…
Joe Beda: Sometimes water is just water? Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, it's one of those, you know, it's water, it's nothing, nothing particularly exciting. All right, so you're going down, which one? The passage… the top? First, second, from the top? First, second? North.
Joe Beda: Do you guys have any opinions here?
Gabe: The dice don't lie. You said we're gonna go to the top one.
Ben Pfaff: Exactly.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: So…
Kostadis Roussos: What is your wisdom perception?
Joe Beda: Let's see, my passive perception is 13, my wisdom is a 10, and then my perception, skill is a plus 3.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, you unfortunately do not detect the trap.
Joe Beda: Oh, yay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so you fall into… you see this pit trap just a little bit too late. Now, roll… what's your… you must do is succeed on a DC11 dexterity saving throw to grab the edge of the pit.
Joe Beda: Alright, give me a second here, there's something…
Joe Beda: Give me a second, I'm trying to… I thought there was something that gave me, like, bonus decks.
Joe Beda: But now I can't find it, so I think I'm screwed.
Kostadis Roussos: DC11.
Joe Beda: Before I roll, I want to sing.
Joe Beda: Poison…
Joe Beda: Yeah, I'm screwed. Okay, so DC11 saving throw.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, dexterity.
Mike Hall: 1.
Kostadis Roussos: You… you manage to avoid… you manage… okay, so what happens? You grab the edge of the pit. Now you must roll another DC-11 strength check to scramble out.
Joe Beda: Oh, there's a strength check.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: You managed to… My plus 7 helped me out there. The plus 7 was doing a lot of heavy lifting there.
Joe Beda: I know, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Unfortunately… As you're dusting yourself off, a black pudding.
Mike Hall: Black pudding, like… Chocolate pudding?
Mike Hall: I was hungry.
Joe Beda: I yell, I yell to Gabagoo, you like pudding?
Ben Pfaff: We'll try this pudding.
Kostadis Roussos: So, yeah, so this black pudding sort of, climbs out of itself.
Kostadis Roussos: Climbs out… climbs out of the pit… out of the pit to try to attack you. You do…
Mike Hall: We're getting, like, the speed dating version of, like, oozes…
Gabe: There's.
Mike Hall: Puddings and cubes of gelatin.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, make an Arcana check.
Mike Hall: Alright, Arcana check… hmm… 12?
Kostadis Roussos: Well…
Mike Hall: 13.
Kostadis Roussos: 13? Is that what you did?
Mike Hall: I did 12, Thorin did 13.
Mike Hall: I guess help and roll again?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, of course.
Mike Hall: 28, how's that?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, you do remember, that amongst all the demons that exist, there was one associated with Oozes.
Mike Hall: Mmm.
Joe Beda: Yay.
Kostadis Roussos: Jubilex.
Mike Hall: 1.
Gabe: Hmm.
Joe Beda: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Let me see if I… I think I can find you a more involved… Yeah, hold on.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, here you go.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, and this thing.
Joe Beda: does the stuff where it, like, splits and it, like, becomes more guys as it goes, so, like…
Kostadis Roussos: Yes. That's if you hit it with, with the appropriate kinds of weapons. All right. Okay, so let me just add its initiative, group in it.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so you see it at the bottom of the pit, and so you can choose to run away before it climbs up.
Joe Beda: Yeah, I say I run back to where, you know, so how fast does it move?
Kostadis Roussos: How fast does Ooze black pudding? Oh, they're generally not… Yes.
Joe Beda: Okay.
Joe Beda: I mean, so we don't got a lot of space here. So I say we decamp to the larger area, so that we can… actually, so, like, I want to stay…
Joe Beda: out of its range, and so, like, I just want to go just, you know, probably 25 feet away from it, and we'll work our way back down the hallway as it chases us so that we can sort of kill it as it's chasing us, and nobody has to deal with the corrosion and all that.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, okay, so you guys are gonna try to keep it 5 feet behind you? Is that…
Joe Beda: Good, everybody?
Ben Pfaff: Yo.
Mike Hall: Yeah.
Joe Beda: Keep it out of range.
Mike Hall: Yeah. Out of melee range.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, bottle goes…
Ben Pfaff: This is a very Uzi level, it's full of Uzi things.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, alright, okay, so…
Kostadis Roussos: You, start… alright, so let's just, so you're… alright, so as you're moving 5 feet…
Kostadis Roussos: What's its range?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, I'm gonna assume you're going to have killed it.
Kostadis Roussos: Because… If you run around here, you have enough space, and it can't catch up with you.
Joe Beda: Okay, and it has no, no ranged attacks?
Kostadis Roussos: the range.
Ben Pfaff: We encourage, Glabagool to, enjoy the remains.
Joe Beda: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Babagul is very excited. Alright, so Thorin, do you want to continue? You managed to go through… you arrive back later and discover the pit is… the pit is empty. You can continue, or you could say, never mind.
Joe Beda: I, I say we continue on, but be… I mean, because there's no, you know.
Joe Beda: who knows where the other stuff leads, right? So, I say we continue forward. Anybody have any objections?
Joe Beda: Nope.
Ben Pfaff: That sounds good to me.
Joe Beda: Extra careful to look for traps now, so…
Kostadis Roussos: All right, all right, you're, you're carefully…
Joe Beda: Okay, I definitely don't see history of where we've been.
Kostadis Roussos: You don't?
Joe Beda: No. Does anybody else?
Gabe: No.
Mike Hall: No.
Ben Pfaff: I don't either, and I did reload after you said.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, okay, hold on.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I thought maybe it was, like, everything from then forward, but, like, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, no, that's not right.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, well, it would help if I hit the word Save Settings.
Gabe: Hey!
Ben Pfaff: Now I'm seeing things?
Kostadis Roussos: Sorry.
Joe Beda: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Sorry, guys, I… yes, this was definitely… Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, sir.
Kostadis Roussos: Next time, please just explore mode. Alright. Alright, so you arrive at a door.
Joe Beda: Okay. Oh, now we can see too much, but… alright, whatever.
Mike Hall: I can't see hardly anything.
Mike Hall: There's something about my vision is… is all night vision, I guess. Is it?
Mike Hall: It's all red?
Kostadis Roussos: No, it should not be.
Gabe: Seems to be kind of work.
Ben Pfaff: What none were you?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, hold on, hold on. Hold on, I didn't see it because I said it.
Joe Beda: Kind of a, you know…
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on.
Kostadis Roussos: It's true.
Joe Beda: chamber in front of us with a circle in the middle and, like, little round things around the edge, so… All in the dark brown, yeah.
Gabe: Yeah, there's weird outlines, I don't know, it's being kind of funky on this map.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, that's… okay, well, that would have helped… that… that… sorry, yep, that, there we go. There we go.
Mike Hall: Yay!
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, sorry, I had not configured… are you all following Zeld… are you all following Gregam, or are you going down different passageways? Just a quick question.
Gabe: Following through.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, you're following?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, okay.
Joe Beda: Otherwise, there might be other traps.
Mike Hall: It's always a bad idea to split the party.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, do you go… do you open the door?
Joe Beda: Well, let's see, so… I mean, at this point…
Joe Beda: because I can see most of the map of the oozing Temple.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Joe Beda: We're either going in there, or we go back the way we came, and we went east from that chamber with the four things, and…
Joe Beda: that's probably some sort of dead end with a monster that wants to kill us, so I'm guessing this is the way out, so I guess we gotta open the door?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, you open the door.
Kostadis Roussos: Is that a…
Ben Pfaff: Mountain?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes, you do in fact see a fountain.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Joe Beda: Alright, and definitely oozes coming out of that fountain.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, this contains a stone fountain with a raised edge. The basin contains shallow, brackish water.
Kostadis Roussos: At the center of the pool, the rubble of a broken statue rests atop a pedestal. All that wreck Mayans recognizable are a pair of clawed stone feet clutching the pedestal stopped.
Kostadis Roussos: Carved into the walls are seven niches. Water seeps into one niche through a crack in the hall. The two niches that flank it are empty. Strange, formless sculptures occupy…
Kostadis Roussos: The four remaining niches.
Joe Beda: Alright.
Ben Pfaff: Brackish water means there's gonna be a saltwater monster in there.
Joe Beda: And the formless things are obviously, like, stone oozes that are gonna come out and get us, right?
Joe Beda: Unfortunately, they don't have any swords that we can take from them.
Kostadis Roussos: There are skeletons in this room, yes. We are taking all their weapons before they get.
Joe Beda: I'm just saying, it's just standard procedure at this point.
Mike Hall: I mean, ever since the whole animated, skeletons in the first.
Kostadis Roussos: Yep, alright. So,
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so do you want to go in, or are you just gonna say, never mind, let's go the other way?
Joe Beda: I mean, clearly we gotta go in, and there's gonna be a fight. I'm just wondering, how do we position ourselves so that we're best prepared for this fight, and if there's anything we can do to make sure we have an advantage as things kick off, right? So…
Joe Beda: like… And I'm also afraid, since there's a door there.
Joe Beda: Once somebody gets through, the door closes behind you, and now you're trapped, and we can't sort of kite the baddies like we did with the previous ooze.
Kostadis Roussos: Gladbagul goes, I have a suggestion!
Joe Beda: Oh, I would love to hear your suggestion, Glavagul. You're a valuable member of this… a temporary member of this party.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, excellent! I'm very happily… so, Whaley, you know, the oozes can't go through me!
Joe Beda: Oh, if you could go in and investigate for us, that would be… that'd be much appreciated.
Kostadis Roussos: That would be me doing something heroic, and something an adventure, would you say.
Joe Beda: We would sing your praises at the tavern once we get out of the Underdark.
Ben Pfaff: And, and just think, how much the lucky foot, would assist.
Kostadis Roussos: I never…
Joe Beda: There's some future food in there, I'm almost certain.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, you know, that sounds very exciting! Alright, well, I'm going in!
Kostadis Roussos: Then he pauses and goes, but if I do find anything, it'll be some time before, you can pick it up?
Kostadis Roussos: I have two pops.
Kostadis Roussos: Boop it!
Joe Beda: I mean, you know, we'll have to take our chances here.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, I couldn't see if there's anything there. Well, I guess I could go see if there's anything there, then you could decide if you wanted it.
Joe Beda: That sounds like a great plan.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so he kind of walks in, he looks around…
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, he goes, what should I be looking at inside of the pool? Should I be touching the… statues?
Joe Beda: I think, yeah, just see if anything comes alive and tries to make you food.
Ben Pfaff: Examine them, eat them if you like. We're just curious what's going to happen.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, he goes, alright. Well, he touches one of the statues, and it quickly materializes into a gray ooze.
Joe Beda: Not unexpected here, yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, he's like, well, that's rude!
Joe Beda: I agree. Can you handle that, or do you need some help?
Kostadis Roussos: Let me just see, there's some weird rules about them.
Joe Beda: Oozes fighting oozes. Ooze on ooze violence.
Joe Beda: And by the way, the Mariners are up. There's a good chance at this point that they'll go to the World Series, and we have tickets. I'm very excited about this.
Kostadis Roussos: Excellent. That is, that is wonderful news. All right, so Glavagul goes, well, I would appreciate some help!
Joe Beda: Okay, well, I mean, so we don't want to injure you, so, if you could make some room for us to help you out, that would be, you know, I'm happy to come in there and, and do so.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, okay, so he… okay, so let me just, roll… I mean, this is like, you know, poor, you know, minus 4 on initiative roll versus minus 3 on initiative roll.
Joe Beda: I'm minus one, so I'm doing great.
Ben Pfaff: Should we roll again?
Kostadis Roussos: I will say, I did look up… what is his name? Grab a Ghoul?
Mike Hall: Cool.
Joe Beda: We'll have a goal.
Joe Beda: I… he has a charisma of 1, and the way you're playing him is almost a charisma of at least 10.
Mike Hall: Maybe 12.
Joe Beda: But I'm not complaining, because he's a charming, charming.
Kostadis Roussos: I, I, you know, I always view the choices here utterly up to me.
Ben Pfaff: Bye!
Kostadis Roussos: Like, I like Lavagul. I just think that the whole, I… I just think… I think… Okay, so, Zaltir, you're up first.
Gabe: Okay, I'll go… Punched the graves multiple times.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Gabe: where's my darkness?
Kostadis Roussos: Right? He's down to…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, you managed to kill the ooze.
Gabe: Great.
Kostadis Roussos: And Glamogul goes, well, that was exciting, should I touch any of the other statues, or should I look inside the water?
Joe Beda: We should probably take the statues out first, because there's a good chance once we activate the, you know, boss guy in the water, then the other statues will come alive, just to make things that much more difficult.
Ben Pfaff: Yeah, what if you just quickly touch all the statues, and then we can deal with all of them at once?
Gabe: Maybe just one at a time, because I can just punch him dead real quick if he doesn't one at a time.
Ben Pfaff: Oh, okay, okay. That's the smart choice, I was…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so, alright, roll, roll, roll your, here, I will just do this.
Kostadis Roussos: Zaltir, roll your attacks.
Gabe: Okay, how many do you want?
Gabe: Wow.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, dead.
Kostadis Roussos: Do it again?
Mike Hall: Wow.
Kostadis Roussos: That, oh, dead. That one's actually a myth. Oh, no, it's a dead, yep. And then there's one last one.
Ben Pfaff: Why do you get, advantage?
Kostadis Roussos: Listen, I'm looking… they have very low armor class. They have, like, an 8 armor class.
Gabe: Well, with my dirt… oh, are they… do they have blind sense? I don't know how that works. Doesn't… it doesn't matter, they have 8, you rolled… Okay, there's 10 either way. You rolled over 10 every single time.
Gabe: Convenient.
Kostadis Roussos: Actually, no, you missed twice.
Gabe: Well, I got two… Yeah.
Gabe: Now, do they have blind scents?
Kostadis Roussos: No, they don't. So…
Gabe: Okay, so the darkness would have given me advantage anyway.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, and if they didn't, Globagool would have killed them right afterwards. Alright! You, you, Globagool is now carefully and methodically sucking up the,
Kostadis Roussos: the debris.
Joe Beda: So there's the final alcove with the water in it. Is there, anything exciting going on there?
Kostadis Roussos: Nope, nope, nothing exciting, so he keeps, like, you know, rotating. He's like, you now, you now look at the ground, and it's, like, perfectly clean.
Joe Beda: You know, you are a useful guy to have around Glavagul. Thank you for, cleaning everything up.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, he goes, excellent, but not very tasty, though.
Joe Beda: Well.
Kostadis Roussos: Do you want him to go into the water?
Joe Beda: Plus, we'll find some tastier stuff for you.
Ben Pfaff: We'll try to find you a nice sea monster in the fountain. Go ahead and check there.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, do you want to check in the mountains, or do you want him to check?
Ben Pfaff: I was gonna ask him to check.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so if he checks… okay, he checks.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, hmm, and pops out.
Ben Pfaff: You're okay with salt water, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes. And he finds… 112 silver pieces.
Kostadis Roussos: Here we go. I just dropped this.
Joe Beda: Oh, this was the loot box, damn it.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Joe Beda: 3 Greengold, a draw plus 1 dagger.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, you're gonna have to wait a few days, you're gonna have to wait But it… you know…
Kostadis Roussos: I would expect that the vial containing the oil of slipperiness would actually come out faster.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm not having this conversation, let us move on.
Ben Pfaff: Alright, well, as long as he hangs out with us for a couple of days, it'll all pass through eventually.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, alright.
Ben Pfaff: It's, it's kind of a,
Ben Pfaff: A cube of holding at the moment.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, actually, that's a good point.
Joe Beda: Gladbagool here, why don't you hold on to this? It's like a time safe that they have at the 7-Eleven, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, exactly. All right. There is a… so which way do you want to exit? Do you want to exit from the path you came in, or through a different one?
Joe Beda: Well, do we have other… oh, I see the… the other paths.
Kostadis Roussos: The top one is the one you came in from, just in case.
Joe Beda: Yeah, so… Okay, so that was not the exit from this dungeon that we thought it would be.
Kostadis Roussos: No. But there's the other passageway.
Joe Beda: The one to the right of the…
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Gabe: No.
Joe Beda: I mean, if our goal is to exit the… the oozing temple.
Joe Beda: I don't think that, it's gonna be in any of those other three paths, so I say we go back the way we came and play it safe.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? You're here?
Joe Beda: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay?
Joe Beda: I heard Rachel cheering, so maybe the Mariners got another run.
Kostadis Roussos: Do you want to go watch the game? I don't want to…
Joe Beda: I low-key do, but I also want to be here, so, you know.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, okay, so this is cool, I just want to make sure.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, I'm a big Habs fan, so if the Habs were playing for the Stanley… for the right to be in the Stanley Cup Finals, I would be, you know…
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, you might suddenly discover I'm sick, that's all.
Joe Beda: No, you'd be honest with us, you'd be like, sorry, the game's on, screw y'all.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, that would be… Alright, so there's a passageway going east. I presume you're gonna go down this one?
Joe Beda: Yeah, I think that's the… the only one that… well, the other one when we first got here, but yeah, let's go down there and see what we see.
Joe Beda: Alright. I'm looking for traps. I don't trust this shit.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, as you're approaching this roughed wall cave, you hear the sound of pouring water. The water enters through cracks in a 10-foot-high ceiling. Given the rate at which the water flow is in, you conclude that the cracks were caused by the tremor they experienced, and it's only a matter of time before the water floods the entire complex.
Kostadis Roussos: All right, so, the water is rising at about a foot an hour. Do you want to look at any of the… what would you like to do?
Kostadis Roussos: This… there's,
Kostadis Roussos: You can see cracks, and so there… you can see cracks in the wall from where the water is coming from.
Kostadis Roussos: You are a… you are a… your… your alter ego, Thorin, is well experienced in matters of caves, so he can roll a nature check, or a… Alright, let's… let's do that to start with here.
Joe Beda: Just to see if any of my dwarven nature helps me figure out what the right thing to do here is.
Joe Beda: My dwarven nature rolls a 12.
Ben Pfaff: Are you a water dwarf?
Joe Beda: I'm… I'm a dwarf dwarf.
Kostadis Roussos: Hang on.
Joe Beda: Your need to categorize this, I find, slightly offensive.
Kostadis Roussos: Dwarves categorize themselves, alright, this is one of those.
Joe Beda: Yeah, but, you know, we can categorize ourselves, we don't need other people doing it.
Ben Pfaff: Oh, I'm sorry, did I, did I use the, you know, W word?
Joe Beda: Exactly.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, alright. Okay, you, you, you, you recall something about… you think the cracks might be something worth looking at?
Joe Beda: Okay.
Joe Beda: Glabegal.
Joe Beda: Yes. Can he… like, other oozes can squeeze through things as, like, small as an inch. Does he also have that ability to squeeze through everything?
Joe Beda: I'm looking at his sheet again.
Kostadis Roussos: I don't think so.
Kostadis Roussos: No, he does not have the, all-important, squeeze through 1-inch space.
Joe Beda: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: I am.
Joe Beda: Yeah.
Gabe: Is the goal to brick the wall? Like, what are we thinking here?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, I mean, you know, there's, you know, Thorne's initial analysis was that there was some kind of earthquake that caused the water to flow in, and so…
Kostadis Roussos: There's always the possibility that, you know, there's a bigger pool of water outside that is flowing in here, and maybe you could crack it open and flee, or maybe it'll cause you to drown and end the adventure.
Gabe: Yeah, that's the concern, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Or we could attempt to plug it.
Joe Beda: But even so, I don't know how we get out of here, right? At this point, we're kinda…
Ben Pfaff: Yes.
Joe Beda: I don't know.
Ben Pfaff: Watch how we got in here.
Gabe: the capability.
Kostadis Roussos: Jim Jar goes, let's… Jim Jar looks at you and says, let's not focus on the how we got here, let's focus on the way.
Joe Beda: Alright, so Jim Jar, you got us in this situation. Do you have any suggestions on what we should do now?
Kostadis Roussos: Do I have any suggestions about what you should do now?
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, I'm willing to bet you that that rock formation has an invisi- has a massive amount of water behind it.
Gabe: That seems probable.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, you're gonna have to go prove… you're gonna go have to do something to win the bet.
Joe Beda: But nobody took your bet.
Kostadis Roussos: Sir seems to have taken my bet.
Joe Beda: Thank you.
Gabe: Does anybody.
Joe Beda: Do you have any spells that'll help us from, like, you know, create a bubble of air that we can all sort of, like, bounce around in? I mean, like…
Ben Pfaff: You know, I have… Thorin, I have carefully examined all of my spell and item inventory, and I, have to say no.
Joe Beda: Alright.
Joe Beda: Always worth a try.
Kostadis Roussos: Eldeth… Eldeth, who also happens to be a dwarf.
Kostadis Roussos: Says… what does she say?
Kostadis Roussos: She's like… She… she rolls a… she rolls a higher… she… she does better in her, interesting.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, she does much better, and she declares.
Kostadis Roussos: I've seen this kind of thing before.
Ben Pfaff: Oh, well, what happened then?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, what's happened now is that there's probably an underground river that's probably breaking through the stone, which will probably drown us all if we do nothing.
Joe Beda: Okay, so noted. So, what can we do to redirect the river, or work around it, or, you know, avoid drowning?
Kostadis Roussos: So she goes, well, I've heard of stories where people were able to break through the rocks, and it turns out that there was a big enough passage for people to swim through to safety.
Joe Beda: Alright, let's do that.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, before she does that, she says, but I do have to make an observation.
Kostadis Roussos: I didn't hear about all the people who did that and drowned at.
Joe Beda: I mean, you know, yeah, it's the bombers that came back, right? Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: I just… I just want you to know, Thorin, that that is the story, that, you know, you dig through the rock, and it's all gonna be fine, because there's a big… but it could also be that you dig through the rock, and we cause the water to flood faster, and then we miss the escape patch that existed somewhere else.
Ben Pfaff: So,
Ben Pfaff: I… one thing that comes to mind is, suppose we weren't all, at risk of drowning, how would we get out of here?
Kostadis Roussos: Alda says, I don't know.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, this water is kind of cold, and there is… it is com… I mean, it's coming from somewhere.
Ben Pfaff: Have… have we explored this area in full?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I think so. The only one that we haven't…
Ben Pfaff: Okay.
Joe Beda: The only area we haven't explored is, like, over here.
Joe Beda: But I'm just thinking there's probably just more ooze over there.
Ben Pfaff: It's probably just a dead end.
Ben Pfaff: So,
Ben Pfaff: thinking outside the box a little, I do have a potion of spider climb. Does anybody see any places where, you know, we might be able to get out?
Joe Beda: Yeah, how high is this chamber?
Joe Beda: Because I'm just thinking if we break the wall, there might be an inrush of water. Once it settles, we may be okay, but, like, we're gonna wanna…
Mike Hall: Be able to live through it.
Joe Beda: Yeah.
Ben Pfaff: It is hard to break a wall without being right at the wall.
Joe Beda: Well, that's one of us.
Joe Beda: Versus, I don't know.
Ben Pfaff: I suppose I do have a, I do have a spell or two that can be used to, revive someone who has recently died.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so, you… sorry, I was just reading, so the temple, the general features…
Kostadis Roussos: It's about… doesn't actually say how tall it is, but let's say… 10 foot up, 10 foot high ceiling, I take it back.
Joe Beda: Alright, that's not especially high, but, you know…
Ben Pfaff: It's just tall enough for the ooze.
Ben Pfaff: Or the cube.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Ben Pfaff: Who has an off-the-wall idea?
Gabe: So, one thing we could try to abuse here is Shape Water, like…
Mike Hall: Yeah?
Gabe: Whether to create an air pocket in which we can breathe for a little bit, or to encase, like, some sort of structure we can hide behind in ice while this room floods, and then we can try to move without rushing water all around us. Something to that effect.
Mike Hall: Yeah, yeah, yeah, Shapewater's a good idea.
Ben Pfaff: I agree.
Mike Hall: I can…
Kostadis Roussos: That's… that is novel.
Mike Hall: Mmm… I can change anything within a 5 foot cube.
Gabe: Yeah.
Mike Hall: And I can freeze, the water will unfreeze in an hour.
Mike Hall: I can change the direction of it, that change will last for an hour.
Mike Hall: The movement doesn't have enough to cause damage.
Mike Hall: And so, I like…
Mike Hall: Where… I mean, there is… there is a choke point, kind of, in this area, where 5… a 5-foot… I guess a 5-foot cube would only keep it…
Mike Hall: Up to 5 feet, and then it would overflow the top.
Gabe: Can I do it twice?
Kostadis Roussos: So you can do two, you can do two non-instantaneous things.
Mike Hall: Okay, so yeah, I can do it, and then do another one on top. So, yeah, I could block up the whole… I could block up the whole thing with, big ice cubes.
Gabe: Well, if you can do two, then, in theory, could you, like, drain a cube, we stand there, drain a cube in front of us, and we progressively walk 5 feet in a row?
Mike Hall: So, yeah.
Ben Pfaff: Idea, if it works.
Mike Hall: Yeah, I think so. I mean, yeah, I could change the direction to where it's all going out, so it drains, and then we kind of, like…
Mike Hall: huddle together and go through it. It lasts for up to an hour. I mean, how many times can I… I mean, it's cast at will, and it doesn't say… I can only have two of them active at a time, so we can have a 10 foot by 5 foot by 5 foot area.
Mike Hall: That we can move through.
Ben Pfaff: It's a little snug for all of us, but we'd fit.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, no, you could fit.
Joe Beda: Okay, so just tell me what your thought process is, just tell me what you're doing, sorry, so I can…
Joe Beda: We're gonna rename him Moses, is what we're saying.
Mike Hall: I'm gonna cast Shapewater, and I'm gonna use the direction change, which is, I'm gonna tell it from the center of a 5 foot by 5 foot cube.
Mike Hall: to go to the edge of the cube. So basically, the water… and that direction change will last for an hour until I dismiss it. So basically, it creates a pocket of no water.
Joe Beda: So, like I asked, does anybody have a spell that'll create a bubble of air?
Joe Beda: We can all breathe, and the water flows around us.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, okay, you could definitely do that.
Joe Beda: my email.
Kostadis Roussos: So…
Mike Hall: We can't… we can't.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, hold on, hold on, I have to share this with you. Apparently, there's this new thing in Slack which will take a whole Slack thread and summarize it.
Mike Hall: Huh.
Kostadis Roussos: of using AI, there's, like, some AI widget you can put in your Slacks.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah. And I go to one of these very young junior engineers who's never used Usenet, and I explain to them the all-important summary email.
Kostadis Roussos: Sorry. I think this is an important point for us to summarize.
Ben Pfaff: The other day, the Slack recap tried to claim that our CEO was a customer.
Kostadis Roussos: That's… that's in the truest spirit of Usernet.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so, okay, so you've created a bubble. I will assert you've created a bubble.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so now that you've created the bubble, what's your next… so how are you gonna use this to get out?
Mike Hall: So, we're gonna… we're gonna… Use…
Mike Hall: We're gonna use that to go back up, uphill, or whatever.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so…
Gabe: A progression of bubbles.
Mike Hall: Yeah, so we're gonna cast one bubble, half of us are gonna kinda get into that, and then we're gonna cast the… I'm gonna cast the next bubble. I can do two of them at a time, and so as long as…
Kostadis Roussos: but you're… so you're gonna break… but you're… the problem is there's nowhere for me.
Joe Beda: try and break through the wall, because I got 18 strength, and we're just gonna YOLO it at that point.
Joe Beda: Alright, I just… okay, so that was the part I was missing, like…
Mike Hall: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Joe Beda: Gladbagool can't fit in the bubble.
Joe Beda: But he's also…
Kostadis Roussos: I… he goes, I don't breathe.
Joe Beda: I wanna make sure he's okay, cause…
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, he goes, oh, that's totally fine, I don't breathe.
Joe Beda: Good to know, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: But, but, and don't worry, if any of you were to perish, I will absolutely grab you and…
Kostadis Roussos: digest you.
Ben Pfaff: Can you do that.
Joe Beda: Do us the favor of letting our compatriots maybe try and resurrect us if there's any chance of that, just, you know, on the off chance that we can come back to life.
Ben Pfaff: the.
Joe Beda: We'll make it worth your while.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, I suppose that could be made to work.
Joe Beda: Thank you, we appreciate it.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm always glad to help, always glad to help. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So… I love… Glabagool, it's my favorite character. Alright, okay, Glabagool,
Kostadis Roussos: You manage to cause one… the ceiling… more of the ceiling to collapse, doubling the amount of water pouring into the complex. But it also reveals a diverted underground river that is the source of the water.
Kostadis Roussos: As the water level rises to the ceiling, or you guys can essentially crawl your way
Kostadis Roussos: You swim upward for about 30 feet, and you reach the water's surface. You find yourself in a large cavern from which you can resume your journey.
Joe Beda: Woohoo!
Kostadis Roussos: And…
Joe Beda: And we got a new friend.
Kostadis Roussos: And you got a new friend, and Jim Jar says, See, it did not end in tears.
Joe Beda: There were shenanigans.
Ben Pfaff: Well, then, then you can have 10 of the silver pieces when they come out of Glabagul in a day or two.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Joe Beda: They may be a little slimy.
Kostadis Roussos: I think that… I think we could make that work. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So,
Kostadis Roussos: You appear over here.
Kostadis Roussos: M.
Joe Beda: And now you're gonna have to come up with an icon for Glavagull so that he can come along.
Kostadis Roussos: I do have an icon for Glabagul. Glabagul is a established character in this adventure.
Kostadis Roussos: But I need to find him.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: There you go.
Kostadis Roussos: There we go. Alright, you guys should see everybody here, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Let's get rid of some of our… some of our friends who are no longer with us.
Kostadis Roussos: Hello? Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, everybody died, keep a cake. Alright, Natasha has… Natasha has declared that the adventure is over. Alright, here you are. Okay, so Jim Jar goes, well, this is very convenient.
Joe Beda: But they were still alive?
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, that's actually extremely convenient. I would hate for that to have happened. No, what's very convenient is we happen to be on our way to Blinkenstein. Who would have thought that this would be a shortcut?
Ben Pfaff: Who'd have thought?
Kostadis Roussos: So, just so we're on the same page, I did not get us lost.
Joe Beda: I don't exist.
Kostadis Roussos: The important thing is that I found us a shortcut.
Ben Pfaff: Right, right, yes.
Joe Beda: Or the shortcut found you, either way.
Ben Pfaff: And, and a friend.
Kostadis Roussos: And a friend. So, think of it this way, and you gained a level. Alright.
Ben Pfaff: Oh.
Mike Hall: Oh, he gained the ball.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes.
Joe Beda: Carry the lead there, man.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, that was why you had to go through yours.
Joe Beda: Alright, so now we're level 6.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, you are.
Joe Beda: I have to choose my feet.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, the all-important feat.
Mike Hall: Okay, so, manage levels.
Mike Hall: Level… 6.
Mike Hall: I'm always a little confused.
Mike Hall: What, what features you actually get. I got one sculpt spell, it's…
Kostadis Roussos: Sculpt Cell is a very valuable spell feature. What it lets you do is it lets you essentially cast a fireball and not hit your own players.
Mike Hall: Okay, that's awesome.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, Sculpt… Fireball… Sculpt is… is a very…
Kostadis Roussos: It's a GM annoying spell.
Kostadis Roussos: What do you mean you can cast a fireball and do that? That violates the… did I just… was I just about to say the physics?
Mike Hall: But I think that's all I got going up one level.
Kostadis Roussos: And spells, and spells.
Mike Hall: Oh, I got one spells.
Kostadis Roussos: As you get one spells.
Mike Hall: Equipment… Where did the… oh, I just have to do that in my character sheet, though.
Mike Hall: That's not part of managing… My abilities… okay, I have a view of my character sheet.
Mike Hall: Features and traits.
Mike Hall: Alright, actions, spells…
Mike Hall: I don't think I get any… I get them… I get another third level slot, but I don't…
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, you get… no, no, I let you pick one more spell.
Kostadis Roussos: per level.
Mike Hall: Per level. Oh, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: So, yes, I, I, I.
Mike Hall: Cancel score, prepared spells, 9 of 10 known.
Kostadis Roussos: So yes, you can add one to your known spells.
Mike Hall: At any level, or…
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, 1… yeah, 1 through 3, I don't care which one, it's up to you.
Joe Beda: So Shieldmaster seems like a good one.
Joe Beda: For me.
Mike Hall: Oh, I've already got that.
Mike Hall: Why haven't I used that?
Kostadis Roussos: Everybody died, TPK, bye-bye. Thank you for playing.
Ben Pfaff: Yes.
Gabe: G kills us a lot.
Kostadis Roussos: I do not. Nope, everybody.
Ben Pfaff: Alright, I think I, I think I'm prepared.
Ben Pfaff: There weren't a lot of choices this time.
Gabe: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, we're almost out of time, so we will stop here, unfortunately.
Kostadis Roussos: Everybody raised… there's everybody's raised their levels?
Joe Beda: Yes. I'm still working on it, but good enough, yeah.
Mike Hall: Yeah, I'm… I'm… all I'm doing is finding what, thing I wanna add?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so next week, I may cancel, but I haven't… I don't know, it depends on when I arrive in India.
Mike Hall: Okay.
Joe Beda: Where are you going in India?
Kostadis Roussos: Bangalore.
Joe Beda: Oh, I like Bangalore.
Kostadis Roussos: I do too. I liked it a lot better 20 years ago, when it was a nice, small, quaint city.
Joe Beda: Not what it is now.
Kostadis Roussos: No, now it's a megalopolis of astonishing proportions.
Kostadis Roussos: With traffic that makes the traffic problems of any other city seem infinitesimal in comparison.
Joe Beda: I'm surprised.
Ben Pfaff: it was ever.
Joe Beda: Just make sure you rent a car and drive from the airport at midnight. That's a good plan.
Kostadis Roussos: You hate me, you don't want to finish this adventure, Joe, if you don't want to finish this advent…
Joe Beda: For joking.
Mike Hall: Hmm.
Kostadis Roussos: If you don't want to finish the adventure, man, you could just dole me that!
Kostadis Roussos: All right. All right, folks.
Ben Pfaff: Alright.
Gabe: Bye.
Joe Beda: Thank you, Custatis.
Mike Hall: Thanks for status, man. We'll see ya.
Ben Pfaff: Thanks.
Kostadis Roussos: Goodbye.
Mike Hall: Bye.